# VCF File Annotation (DNAnexus Platform App)

# What does this app do?
This app annotates a VCF File with the most recent ClinVar TSV file (downloaded from `ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/clinvar/tab_delimited/variant_summary.txt.gz`) and with a user-provided HGMD PRO vcf file. Because of VCF Normalization differences, some annotations will be skipped. The app does not function with UCSC chromosome labeling. As a result, the input VCF file(s) cannot include `chr` prefixes.

# What are the inputs to this app?
This app takes as input an array of VCF (`*.vcf.gz`) file(s), an optional array of VCF file indices (`*.vcf.gz.tbi`), and a TSV (`*.tsv`) file containing the clinical variants mentioned above. Optionally, a VCF (`*.vcf.gz`) file from the Human Gene Mutation Database (HGMD) may also be provided.
# What are the outputs to this app?
This app outputs an array of annotated VCF file(s) and their associated index file(s). 

<!-- dx-header -->
# Annotate VCF File (DNAnexus Platform App)

Annotates a VCF File with most recent ClinVar TSV file downloaded from
ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pub/clinvar/tab_delimited/variant_summary.txt.gz
and with a user provided HGMD PRO vcf file.
Because of VCF Normalization difference some annotations will be skipped.  Does
not function with UCSC Chromosome labeling.  VCF will need to have chr 
prefix removed.

This is the source code for an app that runs on the DNAnexus Platform.
For more information about how to run or modify it, see
https://wiki.dnanexus.com/.
<!-- /dx-header -->



<!--
TODO: This app directory was automatically generated by dx-app-wizard;
please edit this Readme.md file to include essential documentation about
your app that would be helpful to users. (Also see the
Readme.developer.md.) Once you're done, you can remove these TODO
comments.

For more info, see https://wiki.dnanexus.com/Developer-Portal.
-->
